docs: move inappropriate content out of /docs/Concepts and into new sections; expand /docs/Concepts (#159)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/Android/tray.md

---
title: Spokestack Tray
navId: Tray (Android)
description: Getting started with Spokestack Tray for Android
draft: false
tags: Android, Tray
---

> [Spokestack Tray](/docs/concepts/tray) for Android is a `Fragment` component library that quickly and easily adds voice interaction to any Android app. Get started from the simple [instructions on Github!](https://github.com/spokestack/spokestack-tray-android/#usage). Manage voice interactions for your app, delivering actionable user commands with the help of Spokestack Tray in just a few lines of code!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spokestack Tray](/docs/concepts/tray) for Android is a UI library that quickly and easily adds voice interaction to any Android app. Get started from the simple [instructions on Github](https://github.com/spokestack/spokestack-tray-android/#usage)! Manage voice interactions for your app, delivering actionable user commands with the help of Spokestack Tray in just a few lines of code!
```
